Dad, who are you waving to?
The one who did it before was my father’s student.
Dad goes to say hello. where are you.
The one in front of No. 200. I can't see what I'm doing now.
How are you sure he is the murderer? The last time it exploded,
He always smiled politely. He even led me to death as a provocation.
If he is the murderer, you must subdue him instantly.
Otherwise it will be very troublesome. No, he will detonate the bomb at any time.
But he found them easily.
A girl was made in the back. Go and change places with him,
I go to the back.
Chang Zhang Jiangu helps
Didn't I bring a box of red?
I brought a box of red books
I'm in the second row from the front
Someone wants to repair the car
You help me pay to live with him
I won’t report your brother
Do you think you need help to gain some truth? You said yes?
If you don’t want me to report you, you must help me
He no longer acts